Cloud metrics with QuestDB blog post (#1240)
questdb/questdb.io: blog/2023-01-19-questdb-cloud-metrics.mdx

to `DROP PARTITION`s on a daily basis. If you need a different partitioning scheme, you can create
the table with your desired partition period before ingesting any data over ILP, since `ALTER TABLE` does not support
any changes to table partitioning. But since ILP does automatically add columns, the table specification can be very simple,
with just the name and a timestamp column.

Once you've decided on your desired metric retention period, you can create a cron job that removes all partitions older than your
oldest retention date. This will help keep your storage usage in check.

For more information about data retention in QuestDB, you can check out [the docs](https://questdb.io/docs/operations/data-retention/).

## Working example

I have created a working example of this setup in a repo, [sklarsa/questdb-metrics-blog-post](https://github.com/sklarsa/questdb-metrics-blog-post).
The entire example runs in a local [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) cluster.

To run the example, execute the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/sklarsa/questdb-metrics-blog-post.git
cd questdb-metrics-blog-post

> ./run.sh

Reviewer: I got:
```
Release "telegraf" does not exist. Installing it now.
Error: failed to fetch https://github.com/influxdata/helm-charts/releases/download/telegraf-1.8.24/telegraf-1.8.24.tgz : 503 Service Unavailable
```

Author: :-( that doesn't happen for me.  Maybe github was having some internal problems (hence the 503).. can you try again?

author_title: QuestDB Team
author_url: https://github.com/sklarsa
author_image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/sklarsa
description:

>   An article with hand-on example on how QuestDB is powering the QuestDB Cloud

Author: How about this?
```suggestion
An article with a hands-on example of how QuestDB is using our own database to monitor our Cloud Platform
```
